---
title: Auto-generated remarketing lists
description: Remarketing lists that are generated by Microsoft Advertising.
ms.service: "Bing-Ads"
ms.topic: "article"
author: eric-urban
ms.author: eur
---

# Auto-generated remarketing lists

[!INCLUDE [OpenBeta](./includes/OpenBeta.md)]
> [!NOTE]
> All Visitors lists and All Converters lists are available in our global markets, while Smart Remarketing lists are currently limited to our US market.

Auto-generated remarketing lists are those that Microsoft Advertising creates automatically for you. These lists help you re-engage with people who are most likely to convert. There are three types of auto-generated remarketing lists:
- **All Visitors** . People who have visited your website in the past 30 days.
- **All Converters** . People who have converted in the past 180 days.
- **Smart Remarketing** . People who are likely to convert. Smart Remarketing is powered by Microsoft Advertising’s audience intelligence and designed to deliver a higher conversion rate.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> You must have a Universal Event Tracking (UET) tag to use any auto-generated remarketing list type. For All Converters and Smart Remarketing lists, you must also have active conversion goals in place. Learn more about [Universal Event Tracking]( hlp_BA_CONC_UETv2WhatIsTag) and [ conversion goals](./hlp_BA_CONC_UETv2CTGoalType.md).

## View your auto-generated remarketing lists

1. [!INCLUDE [Audiences](./includes/Audiences.md)] **Note** : You will see a confirmation message that lets you know new auto-generated lists are available.

## Create associations for auto-generated remarketing lists

1. [!INCLUDE [CampaignsAudiences](./includes/CampaignsAudiences.md)]
1. Select **Create association**.
1. Select the ad group or campaign you want to associate with one or more audiences.
1. Under **Ad group targeting** or **Campaign targeting**, select **Remarketing lists** for All converters or All visitors lists, or select **Combined lists** for Smart remarketing lists.
1. Select your **Targeting setting**:
   - **Bid only** : Shows ads to people searching for your ad, with the option to make bid adjustments for the selected audience.
   - **Target and bid** : Shows ads only to the selected audience, with the option to make bid adjustments.

1. Adjust the **Default bid adjustment**. By default, new targeting associations are set to 15%, however, the bid adjustment can range from -90% to +900%.
1. Under **Ad group exclusions** or **Campaign exclusions**, select the audience you want to exclude.
1. Select **Save**.


